# Techdegree Project 1

## Quotes to use

### One

>Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more 
you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must 
ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal 
dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's 
surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same 
holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you
to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out
to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in 
the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten 
to think about it

-Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning

### Two

>...the sea's only gifts are harsh blows and, occasionally, the chance to 
feel strong. Now, I don't know much about the sea, but I do know that that's the 
way it is here. And I also know how important it is in life not necessarily to 
be strong but to feel strong, to measure yourself at least once, to find 
yourself at least once in the most ancient of human conditions, facing blind, 
deaf stone alone, with nothing to help you but your own hands and your own head...

-Primo Levi

### Three

>We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never 
going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who 
could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day
outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include 
greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because 
the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of 
actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our 
ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth 
against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state 
from which the vast majority have never stirred?

-Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder

### Four

>If you fulfill your obligations everyday you don't need to worry about the future.

-Jordan Peterson

### Five

>By any objective standard, the theory of computational complexity ranks as one 
of the greatest intellectual achievements of humankind -- along with fire, the 
wheel, and computability theory.

-Scott Aaronson, Quantum Computing Since Democritus